docs/index.rst, before:

Excel Requests: HTTP for Humans
===============================

Excel Requests is the only HTTP Addin for Excel, safe for human consumption.

Excel Requests is heavily inspired by Kenneth Reitz' awesome Python Requests which can be found at `http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/ <http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/>`_.




Source
-------------

The Excel Requests source code is hosted at `https://github.com/Pathio/excel-requests <https://github.com/Pathio/excel-requests>`_



Installation
-------------

The easiest way to install excel-requests is via the installation script:

Download :download:`install.ps1 <install.ps1>`

Right click the downloaded file



License & Authors
-----------------

- This project is maintained by Bjoern Stiel at `Pathio.com <https://www.pathio.com>`_
- Drop me an email `bjoern.stiel@pathio.com <mailto:bjoern.stiel@pathio.com>`_. or tweet me `@bjoernstiel <https://twitter.com/bjoernstiel>`_
- This project is licensed under the terms of the `BSD license <https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause>`_




.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2
    :hidden:

    installation
    quickstart

Commit message:

Move Examples.xlsb into docs folder [skip ci]

docs/index.rst, after:

Excel Requests: HTTP for Humans
===============================

Excel Requests is the only HTTP Addin for Excel, safe for human consumption.

Excel Requests is heavily inspired by Kenneth Reitz' awesome Python Requests which can be found at `http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/ <http://docs.python-requests.org/en/master/>`_.




Source
-------------

The Excel Requests source code is hosted at `https://github.com/Pathio/excel-requests <https://github.com/Pathio/excel-requests>`_



Installation
-------------

The easiest way to install excel-requests is via the installation script:
1. Download :download:`install.ps1 <install.ps1>`
2. Open a File Explorer and go to the downloaded file's folder
3. Right click install.ps1
4. Click Run with PowerShell
5. Confirm everything works with the Example workbook :download:`Examples.xlsb <Examples.xlsb>`



License & Authors
-----------------

- This project is maintained by Bjoern Stiel at `Pathio.com <https://www.pathio.com>`_
- Drop me an email `bjoern.stiel@pathio.com <mailto:bjoern.stiel@pathio.com>`_. or tweet me `@bjoernstiel <https://twitter.com/bjoernstiel>`_
- This project is licensed under the terms of the `BSD license <https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause>`_




.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2
    :hidden:

    installation
    quickstart
